Add clarification on how to calculate amount for monthly invoice (#2919)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/people-ops/invoices.md

## Monthly invoices

Any teammates based outside of the US are on a contracting structure and will need to submit an invoice once a month for payment.

### Please follow the process below for submitting monthly invoices:

- All invoices should be sent via email to sourcegraph@officengine.com with noemi@sourcegraph.com copied on all emails. (You do not need to submit an invoice via Veem.)
- Invoices should be submitted in USD, if expenses were purchased in another currency, please use this currency converter: https://www1.oanda.com/currency/converter/ and use the date of transaction. (Do not use the Veem currency converter.)
- Include any expenses incurred that month as individual line items and attach all expense receipts to the same email with the invoice.
- Include any fringe benefits on your invoice as individual line items as well (cell phone, internet, wellness benefits, etc.).
- Submit monthly invoices by the 2nd of the month so that payments can be issued by the 5th.
- Your monthly invoice amount depends on whether you work a full month or a partial month.

>   - **Full month**: to calculate your monthly invoice, take your annual pay and divide it by 12 to arrive at the monthly amount. Most months are full months, including when you take PTO or when there are holidays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Full month**: to find your monthly invoice amount, refer to your contract, which should state the monthly rate (or take your annual pay and divide it by 12 to arrive at the monthly amount). Most months are full months, including when you take PTO or when there are holidays.
```
